welcome to another review today we'll be
taking a look at the Battlestar
Galactica Viper old-school Viper this is
a Kotobuki a' product I believe can't
remember too much yeah I think it is a
co2 be good product stunning absolutely
stunning should've got a double-a
battery actually do I'll show you the
scale of this maybe I can I don't know
how about this
Indiana Jones girlfriend there that's
the scale of it roughly on the sides of
a Marvel Universe figure overall wow
this is amazing look at the detail the
paint detail the paint application I
mean there's even a little guy in there
how cool is that you've got even some
weathering around the engine over there
let me use this predator Spears of my
pointer weathering around the engine
you've got nice detail around the
blasters over there you even got a black
wash in there the thrusters the three
thrusters very very show-accurate and
like I said once again there's a there's
a little pilot in there and even as
helmet is accurate let's take a look at
the underside there very very cool there
you go very cool underside I mean they
didn't spare any of the details going
underneath there and Wow and a perfect
size too to just do one of these look at
the perspective on that II overall you
know what today I'm gonna be generous 10
out of 10 Battlestar Galactica Viper
this is a classic even the paint scheme
a interesting fact about these it was
designed by the same designers who
designed the x-wing fighters and the TIE
fighters in the original Star Wars so
yeah classic design there by classic
designers so thanks for watching and see
you soon take care